# movie-trailer
This project is all about creating a webpage that consists of various images and on clicking images it should display youtube video related to the image.
Various Web technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, python
HTML is used to display our webpage.
CSS is used to enhance the looking of our webpage.
Bootstrap is used for creating elements in an enhanced way.
Python is used for server-side running of our html code.
Working:
	When you try to execute entertainment.py file 
		i) When we try to execute .py files with the command"python enertainment.py", files with .pyc are generated by default.
		ii) It will redirect to our html page if possible and displays the error if present. 
	1. There are some group of images placed on html page.
	2. When you try to click on particular image ,youtube video will be displayed.
	By using HTML i generated various things on webpage like 
	a) Title and header for the web page
	b) Displaying images of particular mobiles
	c) Some related text
	
By using CSS
	a) Colours for various fields in the html page like headers, text, background  etc.,
	b) Attributes for fonts like size, style, color, weight, family.
	c) Attributes for different subparts of our webpage like border attributes, image attribtutes, attributes for particular tags. 
		i) Border attributes include border-color,border-radius.
		ii) Image attributes like image hover, padding, height, width, shadow.
RUNNING:
    Terminal:   
       Clone the directory
       Navigate to the directory cd repository_name
       Run python entertainment.py
    IDLE:
       Open IDLE
       In the menu bar click on Run -> Run Module or press F5 on your keyboard
All CSS code is in inside "style tag" of HTML head part
All content related to webpage is inside body tag of HTML part
i also used some inline CSS for some convinience.
